FAQ-Use: musicbox (#1649)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

:::tip
For more information, see this [dedicated chapter](/using-wasabi/ChangeCoins.md).
:::

## Music Box

### What does `Awaiting cheaper coinjoins` mean?

> This message is displayed when Wasabi is waiting to participate in coinjoin(s) due to the _Coinjoin time preference_.
> I.e. current coinjoin(s) are not below the median of the time frame.

Reviewer: This was not very clear to me. How about this:

```suggestion
It means your wallet is waiting to participate in cheaper coinjoin rounds because the fee rate of the current coinjoin(s) is higher than the median of the time frame [Coinjoin time preference](/glossary/Glossary-PrivacyWasabi.md#coinjoin-time-preference).
```

### What does `Awaiting the blame round` mean?

> This message is displayed when the coinjoin round failed due to some Alices disrupting the round and it is going into the [blame round](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#blame-round).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If some other participant disrupted the round by failing to sign the coinjoin transaction, this message briefly appears before a new coinjoin known as the [blame round](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md#blame-round) is attempted with the responsive participants from the failed round.
```

> ### What does `Insufficient fund eligible for coinjoin` mean?

Author: done, also applied the other suggestion with minor tweaks

This message is displayed when some coins cannot coinjoin, for example when they are unconfirmed or below the [minimum coinjoin amount](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#what-is-the-minimum-amount-required-to-coinjoin).

### What does `Some funds are rejected from coinjoining` mean?

> This message is displayed when some coin(s) cannot coinjoin because they are [banned](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#why-do-my-coins-occasionally-get-banned-from-participating-in-coinjoin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an input has failed to sign for a previous round it registered to, it will be temporarily banned to prevent denial of service attacks.
Coinjoin coordinators may also reject funds for risk management purposes.
You can view the unban time through the `Wallet Coins` dialog via the search bar or with the keyboard shortcut “CTRL + C + D”.
```
